# Rock, Paper, Scissors Game for SoC Bootcamp

This is an interactive game for users to play rock, paper, scissors against random moves generated by the browser.

## Design

I wanted an adversarial display of one image vs another and so tried to have mirror images of the player's move (left) and the computer's move (right). There are three buttons to choose your move and then a Sun Tzu quote is generated at random and displayed to the user at the end of each round. I think the red complements the yellow background of the images nicely and adds to the _battle_ aesthetic.

## Difficulties Encountered

It took some time to realise that grabbing a dom element doesn't bring it's CSS styles with it automatically and so I finally found - `document.getComputedStyle()` which allowed me to grab the CSS styles and use them in a conditional. This allowed me to change the display of elements on the page with a toggle.

Dynamically rendering elements is not trivial through manipulating the DOM and takes a lot of effort to display what you need. This definitely affected the time it took to implement what I had in my mind and I will take this into account in future builds.

## Known Issues and Room for Improvement

Below is a list of issues/bugs that I am aware of but didn't have time to correct:

1. The scissors mirrored image is the wrong orientation, this is due to the rock and paper images being one orientation and the scissors are another; therefore the transform CSS rule would need to be different for only the scissors but changing this would need a lot of refactoring I think due to the functions used in js.
2. Image rendering can take some time and is noticeable occassionally, I think this could corrected by setting a timeout on the js function where the image display rule is changed and have the element visibility set to hidden for 1s. This should account for the delay.
3. I think some of the headings (Round, Username, Wins etc) are not centred properly - I suspect this is due to my use of flex wrap and text-align but didn't have enough time to debug fully.
4. On laptop screens, vertical spacing is an issue. I couldn't think of a good way to correct this without redesigning a large portion of the page.
5. The main content is not centred vertically perfectly due to the use of flex. I needed to get the header and footer at the top and bottom of the page but I don't think the main content is in exactly the right position.
6. The main.js file is too big, I wanted to split it into modules and import the functions but doing this was not as straightforward as I first thought. I think you have to set up modules correctly and link them in the HTML file in a certain way.
7. Some of the js functions are quite rushed and could do with refactoring for better separation of concerns.
8. Still using alerts for incorrect usernames when this should be handled through the DOM ideally (I forgot this step).
9. Can't use the return key to submit the username. I think this is due to default event behaviour and possibly many events firing and overwriting the submitted name (so that the _final_ username is an empty string).
